1)AN AUTOMATIC ROAD DISTRESS VISUAL INSPECTION SYSTEM USING AN ONBOARD IN-CAR CAMERA
(Thitirat Siriborvornratanakul
Graduate School of Applied Statistics, National Institute of Development Administration (NIDA), 118 Seri Thai Rd., Bangkapi, Bangkok, Thailand)

SUMMARY:-The goal of this project is to study and develop a low cost,easy to use,nondestructive automatic road inspection system.
         They have considered 3 main characteristics while detection & classification of road distress
         -i)Dimension ii) On surface pattern iii)On surface location and orientation .
         They used image-based pothole detection algorithm which consists of following steps-1)Preprocessing 2) Detecting 3) Grouping,clustering.
         But this detection algorithm still includes false alarms which can be improved.


2)ASPHALT PAVEMENT POTHOLE DETECTION AND SEGMENTATION BASED ON WAVELET ENERGY FIELD.
(Asphalt Pavement Pothole Detection and Segmentation Based on Wavelet Energy Field
Penghui Wang, Yongbiao Hu, Yong Dai, and Mingrui Tian)

National Engineering Laboratory for Highway Maintenance Equipment, Chang’an University, Xi’an, China

SUMMARY:-In this paper,a pothole detection & segmentation method based on wavelet energy field is proposed.
        (This is unlike automatic pothole detection methods ie 3 D reconstruction & 2 D vision based methods which are expensive).
		The wavelet energy field effectively integrates the grayscale & texture information together,which can accurately detect pavement pothole.
		This is a vibrational based method .The method has been implemented in a MATLAB prototype & achieves high detection & segmentation accuracy.
		Pothole detection steps :-1)Wavelet decomposition 2)Wavelet coefficient modules calculation 3)Construct wavelet energy field 
		4)Morphological & geometric judgement.
		Pothole Segmentation steps:-1)Construct Markov Random field model 2)Pothole segmentation 3)Morphological processing 4) Edge extraction 
		This method is very accurate still false detection exists.

3)Image based pothole detection system for ITS Service and Road Management System 
(Image-Based Pothole Detection System for ITS Service and Road Management System
Seung-Ki Ryu,1 Taehyeong Kim,1 and Young-Ro Kim2
1Highway and Transportation Research Institute, Korea Institute of Civil Engineering and Building Technology, 283 Goyangdae-ro, Ilsanseo-gu, Goyang-si 411-712, Republic of Korea
2Department of Computer Science and Information, Myongji College, Seoul 120-848, Republic of Korea)
 

SUMMARY:-In this study ,a pothole detection method based on two-dimensional(2D)images is proposed for improving the existing method 
		 and designing a pothole detection system to be applied to Intelligent Transportation System (ITS) service and road management system.
		 For experiemnts,2D road images that were collected by a survey vehicle in korea were used.A 2D image based approach has been focused only on pothole 
		 detection and is limited to a frame ,so it cannot determine the magnitude of potholes for assessment.The proposed method can be divided into three steps
		 1)Segmentation 2)Candidate region extraction 3)Decision .This method has an overall accuracy of 73.5%.There are some limitation in this method.Potholes may be falsely detected according to the 
		 type of shadow and various shapes of potholes.Thus in order to more accurately detect potholes,it is necessary to use images from not only a single sensor 
		 but also additional sensors .
		