A pothole is defined as a bowl-shaped depression in the pavement surface, and its minimum plan dimension is 150?mm 
Existing methods for pothole detection can be divided into vibration-based methods, three-dimensional (3D) reconstruction-based methods, and vision-based methods
The proposed method can be divided into three steps:  segmentation,  candidate region extraction, and  decision histogram used for extracting dark regions for pothole detection 
candidate regions decision is made whether candidate regions are potholes or not by comparing pothole and background features.
The segmentation step is to separate a pothole region from the background region by transforming an original color image into a binary image using the histogram of an input image. 
HST (Histogram Shape-Based Thresholding), maximum entropy, and Otsu [28] can be used for this transformation into a binary image.The candidate step involves extracting a pothole 
candidate region from a binary image obtained in the segmentation step. First, the median filter is used to remove noise such as cracks and spots. , , and  filters were tested and 
the  filter showed the best performance among the three filters.
Next, the damaged outlines of object regions are restored, and small pieces are removed using the closing operation (dilation and erosion) of a morphology filter. A square () 
type of the structure element was used for the closing operation.
After the closing operation, candidate regions are extracted using features such as size, compactness, ellipticity, and linearity, as shown inwhere : the value of region  for the
 candidate in the image, : the size of region  in the image after the closing operation, : the compactness of region  in the image after the closing operation, : the threshold
 for size, and : the threshold for compactness.
total number of pixels in the region  which depends on a size of a pothole,Incomplete candidate regions are refined using the convex hull operation according to the decision 
ofwhere : the value of refined region  for the candidate in the image, : the value of region for the candidate in the image, : the center position of region , : the compactness 
of region  in the image, and : the threshold for compactness.
Next, MHST (modified HST) separates not only the pothole region but also a bright region, such as a lane marking, from the background region.
The decision step involves deciding whether the refined candidate regions are potholes or not after the comparison of candidate regions with the background region using features
 such as standard deviation and histogram.
if the standard deviation of the refined candidate region is smaller than the threshold for standard deviation  or if OHI of the pixels between the refined candidate region and
 the background region is close to 1 and the OHI of values using the Sobel operation [30] is close to 1, it is decided that the refined candidate region is not a pothole because 
it is similar to the background region
Two-dimensional images with a pothole and without a pothole extracted from the collected pothole database (a total of 150 video clips) were used to compare the performance of 
the proposed method with that of the existing method [20] by several conditions such as road, recording, and brightness conditions.
To collect video data of potholes, the newly developed optical device (resolution 1280 × 720, 60?f/s) were mounted at the height of a rear-view mirror of a survey vehicle, and
 they recorded the road surfaces ahead during movement.
The proposed pothole detection method was implemented in Microsoft Visual C++ 6.0. The image processing was performed on a laptop (Intel Core i5-4210U, 2.4?GHz, 8?GB RAM).TP, 
correctly detected as a pothole), false positives (FP, wrongly detected as a pothole), true negatives (TN, correctly detected as a nonpothole), and false negatives (FN, wrongly 
detected as a nonpothole) [19] was counted manually. Also, accuracy, precision, and recall using the proposed method and the existing method were calculated as measurements for 
validation:(1)accuracy: the average correctness of a classification process - (TP + TN)/(TP + FP + TN + FN),(2)precision: the ratio of correctly detected potholes to the total 
number of detected potholes - TP/(TP + FP),(3)recall: the ratio of correctly detected potholes to actual potholes - TP/(TP + FN).
overall accuracy of 73.5%, with 80.0% precision and 73.3% recall. 